Read keystore path/password from env vars prior to package metadata (#358)
rust-windowing/android-ndk-rs: cargo-apk/README.md

# according to the specified build_targets.
runtime_libs = "path/to/libs_folder"

# Defaults to `$HOME/.android/debug.keystore` for the `dev` profile. Will ONLY
# generate a new debug.keystore if this file does NOT exist. A keystore is never
# auto-generated for other profiles.
#
# The keystore path can be absolute, or relative to the Cargo.toml file.
#
# The environment variables `CARGO_APK_<PROFILE>_KEYSTORE` and

> # `CARGO_APK_<PROFILE>_KEYSTORE_PASSWORD` can be read to retrieve the keystore path
> # and keystore password respectively. The profile portion follows the same rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `CARGO_APK_<PROFILE>_KEYSTORE_PASSWORD` can be configured/set to contain the keystore path
# and keystore password respectively. The profile portion follows the same rules
```

(They are _read_ by `cargo-apk`, but the user has to _set_ them)

runtime_libs = "path/to/libs_folder"

# Defaults to `$HOME/.android/debug.keystore` for the `dev` profile. Will ONLY generate a new
# debug.keystore if this file does NOT exist. A keystore is never auto-generated
# for other profiles.
#
# If specified, the keystore path can be absolute, or relative to the Cargo.toml
# file. If not specified, the environment variable `CARGO_APK_<PROFILE>_KEYSTORE`

> # environment variable is read. The profile portion follows the same rules as

Reviewer: Little `environment variable ... environment variable` repeat, and be sure to mention `_KEYSTORE_PASSWORD` :)

# `<cfg>`, it is the uppercased profile name with `-` replaced with `_`.
[package.metadata.android.signing.<profile>]

> path = "relative/or/absolute/path/my.keystore"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
path = "relative/or/absolute/path/to/my.keystore"
```

# Defaults to `$HOME/.android/debug.keystore` for the `dev` profile. Will ONLY generate a new
# debug.keystore if this file does NOT exist.
# If specified, the keystore path is a path relative to the Cargo.toml file, if
# not specified, the environment variable `CARGO_APK_<PROFILE>_KEYSTORE` env
# variable is read. The profile portion follows the same rules as <cfg>, it is
# the uppercased profile name with `-` replaced with `_`.
[package.metadata.android.signing.<profile>]

> path = "relative/path/my.keystore"

Reviewer: The path can also be absolute, I made extra care to check that when submitting this:

https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/path/struct.PathBuf.html#method.push

> If `path` is absolute, it replaces the current path.
